feat: add props schemaRowSlim for show elements without a wrapper (#293)
vuelidate/formvuelatte: docs/3.x/src/guide/schema-form.md

  </div>
</form>

```

> ### schemaRowSlim
> 
> If you need to display schema elements without a wrapper in `div.schema-row`, just add the `schemaRowSlim` property to the `SchemaForm` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### unwrappedRows

For cases where you need your components to be rendered without FormVueLate's default `.schema-row` wrapping div, add the `unwrappedRow` boolean property to `SchemaForm`. This can be explicitly set to `true`, or with Vue's boolean shorthand as in the following example.
```

```html
<SchemaForm
  schemaRowSlim
  :schema="mySchema"
/>
```

> Example output:
> 
> ```html
> 
> <form>
>   [...]
> </form>
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: In line 210 the ``` from the previous example was cropped, please make sure to not cut off the ending block from the previous prop
